Update guideline for toggles with description of new functionality (#371)
kyma-project/community: guidelines/content-guidelines/03-documentation-toggle.md

See an example:

``` markdown
<summary>
From release
</summary> 
```

* Leave a blank line after the `</summary>` tag. Only this way the content can render.
* Add content using Markdown syntax.
* Use this indentation when you add the toggle as a regular document section:

  - No spaces for the div element
  - Two spaces for other elements

* Use this indentation when you add a toggle under a list:

  - Four spaces for the div element
  - Six spaces for other elements

> * Toggles can belong to group of containers of toggles for cross linking between them. For that, container of toggles must contains `group` attribute with distinctive ID of a specific group. When a toggle in one container is changing, the toggles adjust automatically in other containers with this same group. Every `<summary>` tag in container must also contains `label` attribute for classification of toggles.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Toggles can belong to a group of containers of toggles for cross-linking between them. For that, a container of toggles must contain the `group` attribute with a distinctive ID of a specific group. When a toggle in one container changes, the toggles in the other containers with the same group adjust automatically. Every `<summary>` tag in the container must also contain the `label` attribute for classification of toggles.
```

> See an example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
See the example:
```

The code renders on `kyma-project.io` as follows:

![](./assets/toggle_in_list.png)

> * See an example of two toggle containers which belong to group of toggles:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* See the example of two toggle containers which belong to a group of toggles:
```
